Okay, Arjun Meena's question is about IC
Lombard. He has been holding it since its IPO and has been
investing in it on further declines. He is a
long-term investor. Its average price has reached
1326. Now he is asking whether
it is a good investment for the long term.
I will not say in terms of recommendation,
but the sector you have chosen, the
stock you have chosen, is a very good
investment for you. IC Lombard in
itself covers every sector in general insurance, be it
auto or health, it
gives you the benefit of one in all and is
also giving good growth. And ICICI,
last time their margin was fine,
at 16. The margin has expanded. Last
quarter your sales are giving growth of 19. There is a
lot of potential in the sector.
Actually, you should be praised.
You have chosen a very good stock
and you are thinking about the long term,
why? There was a lot of trouble in between, a
lot of trouble, so from the long term point of view,
it is a very good pick in this
sector, but you need to be patient.  It will happen because
these cycles will keep coming, there will be blips in it
and in those blips you will have to maintain
patience like what is going on for the moment, for the
moment there is a slight
correction going on
and till what extent is this correction possible, even
till 1550 there is a possibility, whether the
correction will go or not is another question, so there is a
possibility of 1550, a
fresh uptrend should start above 1900, so
overall it is an investment grade stock and
you can give it a very long time, as you
ask about wealth creation in the long term, so
what are all these stocks, they are long
term wealth creation stocks, even if you
leave it for your children's children, it will still do something, yes, the
way it was falling
and after that the pace of that decline has
slowed down, so has it
moved towards forming a bowl and if that bowl is formed,
then will we see such upper
levels again, yes,
many levels were seen in it,
but  The question is how much time should we
give because the sector itself is under-
penetrated. And in that sector, for example, if
we discuss Star Health or
Niva Bupa, it is health.
Now, if we discuss that too, then Star
Health's valuation seems better, but
Niva Bupa scares me, but it's
okay, they are growing as well. Now, as soon as we
come to ICC Lombard, they
give you Health Plus Everything. So, it is
so good that they have such a good product
bouquet that it is going to
become a big bowl or bowl in the future. Their growth is a very
good thing. You should keep it, you should have
patience. Trade in all of these.
In any ICC Lord, SDFC
Life, ICC Prudential Life
Insurance, etc., there are many stocks which
we discuss. Health and sorry, general
and life insurance. You should trade not only the stocks of trading,
you are bound to get hurt,
but you should buy in the decline and
give them time. In every three to four cycles, they will give
you good wealth by creating wealth.  I have
applied and I
want to appreciate all these stocks which are stocks with similar method.